do I owe they're going to be telling us
how they use IP that's in their
wonderful new app but first up there is
small round of announcements I think it
comprises mostly of Allen Shores
wonderful new blog post on us let's have
a look let's share a screen on blog do I
give sto and share this screen if you
haven't seen it you're gonna see it now
now when it turns out is wasted as the
lead maintainer of JSI business because
his true calling is in a futuristic
science fiction author he's projected
himself forward and is looking back at
ipfs camp 2019 from the far future and
discussing the launch of oh my god it's
the deep dive videos they're available
if you weren't there now you can feel
like you were there because in many
frames per second the illusion of
animation will occur you'll be able to
hear the audio you'll see back into the
past of what happened and it's awesome
and you should read it
so if you know how to get to block tower
ipfs do check that out what else is
going on
Allen sure says jeaious ipfs oda 37 was
released it's a module it's one npm you
can get it how long do you want to say
anything about that what was the
highlight yeah I can talk to that there
is also a blog post as well on the ipfs
Blanc and now I'll take you through what
is there but in brief it is a few new
features a brand new constructor
allowing you to create a and ipfs node
in one line using a promise based API so
you can just a wait on a brand new fresh
and ready ipfs node it's a small change
but I think it will make a lot of people
happy it will also ease our transition
into a singer wait when the when that
refactor finally bubbles up to ipfs
it'll be a lot of a lot easier for
people to switch over if there are any
breaking API changes because they'll
already be using promises so and that
should be easier in the future for
people there's support for DNS link IPS
name resolution which means that you
could do a kind of named resolved on /
IP NS / a DNS domain name and it will go
away and look up the DNS and the the DNS
link address for that so that cool it's
got delegated peer and content routing
and that is not not turned on by default
but you can turn it on and then you can
ask another node in the network to find
your peers or content for you which is
really useful in chess IVFs because we
don't have a DHT also pretty useful if
you're running ipfs in a kind of
resource constrained environment where
you don't have the computing power or
memory ability to hold a whole bunch of
peers in your work and things like that
so that's good and then and then while
late arrival there's a brand new web UI
with some new features to these files
and peers page but go and check out the
blog post for all of the in-depth
information and news on that as well as
API changes and breaks that you need to
take into account thank you very much I
want sure good work sisters also on the
release train go ipfs ODOT 4.2 -
shipping later today that's what it says
on my manifest and I read anything
that's on the teleprompter and Steven
gives it a thumb up so it must be
happening incredible there will
obviously be release notes blog posts
all that good stuff coming out later but
just know it's coming all right on to
the stars of the show any time do you
want to take it away hi guys
again and let me tell you briefly what
we are closing with any type and I think
after that ramen will tell more on a
technical side and we can have a Q&A
during or afterwards I think I was sure
the presentation let me just do it this
is the first time I'm using how to share
here here I see so you probably see my
screen gasps oh yeah nothing good
okay so we are building any type it's a
unified user interface or actually and
we call it the distributed operating
system for the new web and we are doing
it because you will know there are some
serious shortcomings of the current work
that the centralized data monopolies
have all our data and they decide what
we see and but you cannot in countries
like Russia where I come from with pure
censorship and what else is that most of
the monetary rewards that have been
cited by the same big companies so like
YouTube takes forty five percent of what
people earn and Instagram doesn't share
anything with the creators and this is
almost everywhere because of course of
the monopolistic position of of current
web 2.0 services that can also read our
our private communication so nothing
actually belongs to people who create
the stuff and at the same time you guys
already have built the foundation for
the new web where this all these things
can be solved and and but but currently
we are still using web 2.0 products
because users like normal people like me
they use products not protocols so
product is needed to spread the protocol
the same way is email client did for I
my pop3 Apple music did for and
in between free & masaya browser for
HTTP and so on so the this is what we
are building so any type this is entry
point to harness web 3.0 capabilities
it's a browser environment where users
with using drag-and-drop and the very
simple editor can create actually
decentralized applications and without
coding skills and we have a very big
focus on creation because we think this
is like we want to bootstrap the content
and apps in the decentralized space
because the benefits of the
content-addressable distributed stack
actually happen to be not only single
basis but as an ecosystem this is when
we will see more more of the benefits
play out how we are going to achieve
that so that users can create something
like daps with a drag and drop it's
because we are using this unified user
interface approach which basically says
that we take some things and the like
everything is a block and that a block
there are some like simple blocks simple
block is a file or a video or in audio
file so it's like in not you this piece
of like this block you cannot make
smaller it's like this the smallest lock
of of everything and then we'll cook
like complex blocks which consists of
smaller blocks there like represent the
data structure a database of the of the
smallest blocks and this is everything
is in a visual editor where people with
the dragon dark power can work with this
kind of blocks and what's cool is that
in anytime you have a built-in data
wallet and users can manage all their
data with the same approach which is
super cool because data owners trip of
course doesn't
that that you can you can have access to
your data or you can decide who can
access your data but what's most
important that you actually can work
with your data you can modify connected
to each other this is the real data
worship that we want to bring and this
blood based approach is possible because
most of the applications have the same
design patterns so that most of the
things that we are used to in web 2.0
like in Dropbox or YouTube or a son a
Trello like any medium anything you you
can think of is mostly the databases
with content so we take this views to
the database and we and we unify them
and present them as building blocks to
our users and that's that's actually how
people can build very easily things and
become software developers without
needing to code of course there is
always a place for developers because
developers can develop new kinds of
blocks new kinds of integrations so that
the Cole ecosystem develops and we can
like collaboratively create better and
better products and of course because
it's content-addressable each block has
a unique hash and in it can be connected
anything to anything with content
addressable cash links this is actually
why this open ecosystem is possible
because previously all the applications
were closing the data inside and on in
the vertical talking on the API now what
any type is is actually this blocks and
access rights to these blocks from
different users and the nobility to
compile new or new tops out of these
blocks because every block is a hash so
of course we use most of the things that
you are creating guys and
currently we have the stage only an
electron or client that is
cross-platform but we plan to develop
native clients for each platform because
we think this is how we can show that
the real magic of local first software
which would be just beautiful you know
it's applications so the we think that
there we are not building something for
one specific use case actually trying to
build an all-in-one solution which can
allow a user to create adapt and some
people think that people don't want to
create the apps because like why do they
need to create apps but most of the
things that we currently have like
documents or Dropbox or like your
profile or or a task manager everything
is it that and actually it so with this
approach it would be very easy to create
anything like that and and though
because it's an open ecosystem people
will be able it's in because it's now on
a proper foundation people we actually
will be able to own the stuff that they
create and and wanna ties it in the
future so this is actually how we want
so we want to focus on the demand
experts or on people who are like
community leaders or bloggers who will
be able to very easily create a wide
range of services and own them and the
majority of users so of course will
mostly customize the tools or use the
tools created by other people but they
will be able to connect these tools to
each other and we think that like most
of the web 2.0 applications will be able
to be recreated this way and but the the
vision our team I think shares with all
of you is that we want to build this new
web where it
user has a right for private thoughts
and communication and owns his or her
data and where we have freedom of speech
and there is no central gatekeeper who
can control and sensor information and
there and where there are creole clear
and democratic rules which reward
participants who create promote store
and deliver content and services so so
this is I think our joint vision I hope
so
and the the roadmap so we currently have
an alpha product and it's all about
closed so all about private pages so per
pages with encryption and we are still
in the process of making it smooth but
the the real like we call it version one
of the product that we are building is
is the next one to come is where users
will be able to create public pages and
we'll be able because we will introduce
databases we'll be able to create
actually the apps and services similar
to popular web 2.0 products or some on
your new ideas that can emerge and after
that we plan to have an economy that
would combine all of this in one economy
of course we expect file Qin to happen
one day and be used for for for people
contributing the resources in terms of
the pantries and storage into the system
and we plan to connect it to the file
economy one day and yes I think this is
a like our team Oh Romans is on the call
so I would love we would thank you any
questions if you have some and if you
want I can also show something as a
product or if you didn't see it would be
great to see a demo of it okay so um do
you see my screen yeah so this is the
this is the main screen of any types
it's like it's your home screen and
when you when you register by
registering I mean when you are in you
user and you start a pair of public and
private key is generated and your data
bullet is created actually this is your
data bullet you will also be asked to
name yourself and but this will be like
for purposes that other users can can
distinguish you because we have no
central registry of users and we cannot
control us answer that but probably your
friends or colleagues need to know
what's your name and and then this is
the main screen where all the gaps are
located and currently and you it's so
easy to create something new it's very
easy and approachable and you can even
choose an emoji because it's easier to
identify with it picture it's much
faster than reading words and then it's
a very easy to use and intuitive editor
with the with the plus you can add
different types of blocks and there are
different like for text block there's
different use for the for the block for
example I can create a heading and I can
of course add some images and videos or
bookmarks from from here and with with
this button I can also change the block
type into the block view into something
else so there are different work times
and with with drag-and-drop
I can move things around sorry I didn't
move because there were the it was video
there so things like that and then this
is how I can create structure so let me
show what can be at
done with with this limit with this
functionality so I can create something
like like my personal front page where
it can structure all the all the things
that important to me and because there
are different different types of blocks
it's very easy to create pages that
would look like that would suit this you
know concrete use case so I just look a
little bit different but nice things are
possible like you can drop blocks into
pages and it just works so if everything
is very very very easy to understand and
very easy to create and this is the last
thing that we have added it's a history
so you can see all the all the versions
of the of the file of the of the of the
page that you have and you can also
share with by clicking by getting a link
and sharing with with uh with whom you
want and this works of course in a
peer-to-peer way so that everything is
stored on your device and people who
connect directly directly there and you
can know you can add like links and
files next to each other and it just
looks good but this is a currently smoke
mostly mostly looks like like this is
very basic so there is a not that not
many things it can be done yet but with
the addition of databases this will be a
very powerful thing so this is it I
think for me it looks very cool I'm
conscious of time there are a few
questions it's okay no problem you might
want to stop sharing you see there we go
just quickly Roman de do you have
anything technical that you wanted to
tell us
or should we open up to questions I can
briefly textile because initially we
started to do everything by ourselves
and using an A or B GB but then textile
was released and we started to work with
their library now we are working close
with each other trying to speed up the
improvement speed up the things that we
need in our product and also planning to
promote some things in the ipfs also
like we were interesting in there
because we only use the ago
implementation and be very interesting
in a quick implementation and about
everything about performance and all
this stuff so trying to be also helpful
for the IFS community in this in this
year and I regarding to textile what one
about I think we're planning to
implement currently restoring the
documents like each version of document
is just a one file in the ipfs but we
are currently moving to the IPO d when
they are storing blocks like apology
graphs and this are going be like very
interesting challenges after the IP
first camp we have because we impressed
is this cool yeah that makes a lot of
sense and if you can capture all of that
graph information in Arkady it's a good
yeah also the storage efficiency and
making the current version of the app
and how are you deploying it is it an
electron abundance electron up with go
ipfs with textile inside also on library
in golang we trying to be like our plan
is to made native applications for the
from platforms and with trying to make
some kind of cost most of the code to
the gulag
so we will be able to use textile and
our own code on every platform
so hope hope that mobile questions some
kind of alpha it's great so some
questions that are in the chat and the
first one from Jessica is will the
presentation be available online so that
we can refer back to it that's something
that you can share with us afterwards
yes I think so great Alan sure wants to
know will I be able to publish web apps
as well as desktop apps so I think he's
interested in what what the publishing
of apps would look like currently it's
only like private pages which you can
share with somebody using like you share
the encryption key and the other person
will join your thread in the textile
terminology but we are planning to
implement public pages so so that we'll
be able to publish in some kind of
gateway maybe but most functionality
will be available only when you install
the application on the platform because
you need the full function and fully
functional IP first server locally that
makes sense he also asks is there an
early access program or something can i
with the on website you can register
we're planning to open the make an open
but I think no I'm not sure about open
but in the next weeks but we can share
with you definitely like the version
being already with some people there are
bugs because it is the case that if
people see this videos and they get in
touch with you directly maybe on Twitter
they might get they might find
themselves access yes all right Eric
doesn't have a question that he is
drooling and Eric is responsible for the
design
going forwards of ipfs that he's excited
about the direction you are taking any
type
I assume that and not just as saliva
problem he's looking forward to that
sandwich Alan show us asks what would
you need to be added or fixed in ipfs to
make any type work better there any
particular things that are give s is
being useful for of not being useful for
I think most things about connectivity
and performance so we are looking
forward and talking a lot at the IP
first camp about the connectivity under
the knot and also like a quick is the
great possibility to solve some of these
problems and also performance things
people don't like when their CPU usage
is like under almost 100 tests the audio
has got quite choppy but the general
sentiment is yes we probably want to
allow people to run more applications
than just any type or just ipfs true as
we were mentioning on the office hours
cool before this one yeah that is an
ongoing area of diligence sometimes it
competes with you want quick discovery
times but in general it's things it's a
thing that we're always keeping an eye
on Steven asks how did you implement the
chat program is there there's any type
feature chat we plan to introduce like
we look at the chat is one of the views
to the database and we plan to add them
with a like so currently we're working
on the current version which will which
is like what you showed just without
bats but in the next I don't know six to
eight months we plan to introduce
databases and the chat will be one of
the thing one of the views to the date
database that we will introduce
we are going to use like that's a papers
kind of ipfs log for the child
so cool all right it's one minute till
the end of the call any last questions
that's all good
can we get a big fan key to any time for
showing us what they did thank you very
much
it looks amazing I'm gonna keep all my
notes there as part of a large
distributed organization I have many
to-do lists this looks like a much nicer
place to keep them thanks all very much
if there's no other business then I'm
calling you guys because like really
everything that we have built only
because of you and like so big love from
us we really like like to be a part of
this bigger team and I I'm just happy to
share my vision and and I'm looking
forward to work more closely with each
other that is the best any other
business we've ever had on this call
thanks very much and with that this has
been the ipfs weekly call tune in same
zoom link same time next week if you've
got questions about ipfs and don't know
where to get started
tune in an hour before for the OPF s
office hours cool hosted by yours truly
this has been us
you've been used we're out goodbye and
then there were six goodbye friends